---
title: 'Kotaro Lives Alone: Sad, but Wholesome'
date: '2022-07-25'
---
As the title says, I recently started watching "Kotaro Lives Alone" on Netflix after finding some clips on YouTube,and honestly, I'm so glad that YouTube recommended it to me.

The whole premise is how a 4-year-old starts renting an apartment, and various shenanigans ensue. Yes, you heard me,a 4-year-old starts living on his own for reasons unknown, but as his neighbors start to get to know him, the truthbecomes clearer...and more tragic.

I think it's really nice how more media is portraying different kinds of abuse and how it affects everyone. It helpsthose suffering from trauma feel less alone, and "Kotaro Lives Alone" is no different. However, although the subjectmatter is rather sad and heart-wrenching, the series doesn't stop being funny and light-hearted enough for me and myspouses to enjoy it. I've seen a lot of people say the art style looks "horrible" and yes, it doesn't quite match upto the original manga style, but I think it's still very charming and rather fitting for the tone. I mean...we can'tkeep expecting quality like "Miss Kobayashi's Dragon Maid", right?

It's amazing how this anime has gotten the three of us to binge-watch it within just a few days (we even saw it onSam's birthday on the 23rd!), and I can definitely say it's quite a hidden gem. It's made me realize just how lucky Iam that my family isn't as abusive as others' out there, but it's also made me realize that my family, while they had good intentions, still did and said things that were really harmful to me and continue to affect me to this day. I'vementioned it a couple of times on Twitter, but I don't really want to repeat it here... >_>;;

Either way, I definitely recommend if any of you have Netflix. I've read a little bit of the manga as well, but thefan translations aren't...the best. I might just have to see if there is an official English translation that I canpurchase. Perhaps one day!

That's it for now, take care, everyone!