---
title: 100 Questions for Webmasters
---

Saw this questionnaire from [mouseling.net](https://mouseling.net/100webmaster) on [Mala's page](https://ophanimkei.com)!

1. **Please introduce yourself.**
    - I'm Bechno Kid, but you can call be Bechno for short! I'm an avid lover of all things related to Digimon, Tamagotchi, and Monster Hunter and wish there will be a collab between all three someday. So far, there has been a Digimon x Monster Hunter collab! {% emote 'happy' %}
2. **How long have you been making websites?**
    - Since 2023! Better late than never!
3. **And what got you into the hobby?**
    - Ever since [Psshaw](https://bechnokid.tumblr.com/post/689228683142119424) made a Tumblr post encouraging others to make a website on Neocities. I thought I would brush up on my CSS and HTML skills some more, and I decided to make my own website where I can post my artwork.
4. **What kind of website are you most interested in?**
    - Honestly, any website that makes me think about what to improve on my own site! Though, I would be lying if I said I wasn't a huge fan of old pixel adopt sites. Man, I'm sad that I only got into them after so many have disappeared. I'm glad they're archived but man...
5. **What's your workflow? Do you plan your websites out thoroughly or do you come up with the design as you go along?**
    - I SHOULD plan my site thoroughly, but I usually just play it by ear as I design the site lol. I can't even say "design" since my site is pretty simplistic, which is just the way I like it!
6. **Please link to your biggest inspirations.**
    - [Rina Cat's Domain](https://web.archive.org/web/20040611072855/http://rinacat.com/) (Archived): Rina Cat is, without exaggeration, my biggest inspiration as an artist growing up. I'll never forget coming across her website in 2003, and I wanted to draw JUST like her. In fact, the first iteration of this site was heavily based on hers. {% emote 'embarrassed' %}
    - [Layercake](https://layercake.moe/) and the resources site [Loveberry](https://loveberry.nekoweb.org/) associated with it: June's sites were what made me realize that you can have a responsive site that still looks pretty and were what prompted me to make my site more responsive.
    - [Swifty's HQ](https://swiftyshq.neocities.org/main/) - Like Layercake, Swifty's site was what helped me make the push into making my site more responsive. It's also thanks to it that I learned about [11ty](https://11ty.dev)
    - [whiona.me](https://whiona.me): I'm not sure how I found Whiona's site, but I'm really glad I did. Looking through her [11ty workflow](https://whiona.weblog.lol/2023/10/my-neocities-workflow-using-eleventy-and-the-cli-to-speed-up-development) helped me improve my own despite having found it after I already set up 11ty for my site, oops.
7. **What's your favorite part about making websites?**
    - There's so much to think about, and I love it. Such as, "what should I add?", "how can I make this look decent?", and "what is there that i can improve on?" It can be a little daunting at first, which is why I like to work on just a little bit every day.
8. **And the thing you struggle with the most?**
    - Making pretty site layouts. When it comes to form vs. functionality, I go a little too far into functionality, and I sometimes fear my website might end up looking too corporate at some point.
9. **Do you keep the same layout on all of your pages? Or do you use different ones?**
    - I generally use the same layout on all of my page since I'm a sucker for consistency. The only pages that have differing layouts would be my shrines!
10. **How confident are you with CSS?**
    - I say I'm decent, but I don't know if that's how I genuinely feel or if it's my imposter syndrome talking XD;;;
11. **Do you know how to correctly use \<dl\>?**
    - Yes! There are a few pages on my site that uses this HTML tag!
12. **What is your favourite HTML element?**
    - I've really grown to love \<iframe\>! Not as a way for websites to rely on like for navigation, but for putting in little widgets here and there. It's fun!
13. **If you're making a new web page from scratch, what is the first thing you do?**
    - I draw it out first, with the skeleton usually being a header, navigation, content, and footer. Even if the end result ends up looking entirely different, the drawing is at least a good starting point!
14. **Do you know JavaScript?**
    - I kinda have to know it for my job lol.
15. **How about PHP?**
    - Unfortunately, no...
16. **Does your website have a theme that you stick to?**
    - Just that the colors would match my persona! That's it!
17. **Are you more focused on content or design?**
    - Content, but I would definitely like to get better with design!
18. **Do you own a domain name? If not, would you ever want to?**
    - I don't own one yet, but I would definitely like to! Just one would be enough for me, but who knows what the future holds?
19. **What do you think of nostalgia-focused or "retro" websites?**
    - I used to like them before I realized a lot of them are just as soulless as the corporate sites that the "retro" sites claim to be fighting against. Not to mention that "retro" sites to a lot of people seem to mean putting a bunch of flashing graphics and using colors to make text hard-to-read, and my poor eyes can't handle them anymore!! {% emote 'worried' %}
20. **Is your HTML valid? Do you even check?**
    - Yes...the last time I checked!
21. **What is your opinion on buttons and banners?**
    - They're neat!
22. **What do you think of button walls in particular?**
    - I used to think they're pretty cool, but now I just think they're pretty overwhelming. I had to downsize my own button wall a bit for this reason!
23. **If you started over again, would you make something similar or completely different?**
    - I technically started over when I converted my site to 11ty, and it ended up looking similar to before I used 11ty, so...yeah, I think I would still make something similar!
24. **Are you envious of other people's websites?**
    - Not really! I admit that there are a lot of times where I wish my website looked a certain way, but in the end, I'm happy with how mine looks!
25. **What text editor do you use?**
    - VS Codium, which is another version of Visual Studio Code but without any telemetry/tracking.
26. **Why do you use that one?**
    - It has everything I would ever want in an integrated development environment (IDE)!
27. **Do you host your image files on your web server, or on another host?**
    - Everything is hosted on Neocities using the free plan, but if it ever comes to the point where I use up the 1GB, then I'll get my own web server to host images on.
28. **This might not be relevant to you, but what's your opinion on the Neocities vs. Nekoweb debate?**
    - They are much better than Geocities, Tripod, and Angelfire, that's for sure. I can't tell you how nice it is to be able to browse people's Neocities and Nekoweb sites without being bombarded with pop-up ads. Neither one is better than the other and are great for those who want to make their own static websites.
29. **How much server space would you estimate your main website takes up?**
    - Currently, 40MB!
30. **Do you keep local backups of your files?**
    - With my current workflow, I always have backups!
31. **Do you prefer simple or highly visual websites?**
    - I will always love visual websites with all of my heart. I've seen such truly creative layouts, and it's fantastic to see how far web design has gone since the 00's. That being said, I also find myself enjoying simple websites that utilize pretty color palettes like Dracula, Catpuccino, Rose Pine, etc.
32. **Do you stick to certain colors? Do you do that on purpose, or is it your subconscious?**
    - Yes! If there's a certain theme I'm going for, then I stick to those colors.
33. **Have you ever thought about quitting? Why?**
    - The only time I can ever imagine quitting is if I don't find maintaining a website fun anymore, which isn't likely to happen since I'm always learning new things every day.
34. **Do you have many webmaster friends, or is it a solitary hobby?**
    - It's mostly been a solitary hobby for me since I feel like I'm too old or odd to fit into any webmaster groups nowadays.
35. **Do people in your real life know about your website?**
    - My spouses and my dad. I don't know if my dad still visits my website, but he really liked it the last time I showed it to him!
36. **Do you update your website very often? How often is "very often"?**
    - I update it occasionally, like...once or twice a month when I'm able.
37. **And the overall design, do you change that much? Why or why not?**
    - I like to keep my website's design consistent, and I am happy with where it's at! Perhaps the only features I would add would be the option to change color themes. I'd like to dedicate a color scheme to my favorite flower, the hydrangea, even if I'm not much of a gardener!
38. **Is your website more you-focused, hobby-focused, or outside world-focused?**
    - More or less me- and hobby-focused! My site is meant to be an archive of my artwork, but you'll still find bits and pieces of me strewn about.
39. **Do you web design professionally?**
    - Nope!
40. **If not, would you like to? And if you're comfortable answering, what do you do for work?**
    - I definitely do not have the confidence to web design professionally lmao. The most I can do would be very simplistic layouts. I currently work as a full-stack developer, so even though I have experience with front-end developing, I'm no web designer by any means!
41. **Do you communicate with people by email very much?**
    - Yes, I do! This is actually my preferred way of communication. I don't do it very often since...I don't talk to a lot of people haha.
42. **Some people reject social media and use websites as a replacement. Do you keep social media outside of your website?**
    - Sure do! No flack to those who reject social media because that is their choice!
43. **How about instant messengers? Do you use a mainstream one like Discord or Telegram? Or something like Matrix? Do you avoid them?**
    - The only ones I use frequently are Facebook Messenger (between IRL family and friends) and WhatsApp (between my parents and sister). I do have Discord, but I hate using it.
44. **Do you listen to music while you work on websites? If so, what kinds of artists?**
    - I listen to various ones since I mostly listen to video game OSTs or remixes.
45. **Do you keep everything you make on one website, or do you have more than one?**
    - I keep everything on one website since it's easier for me to manage unless I manage to make a subdomain out of bechnokid.com, but only time will tell when I'll be brave enough to do that!
46. **On a similar note, do you keep to one topic on your site, or many?**
    - I guess I talk about different topics since it's my personal website and all!
47. **Do you present your real self, or at least try? Or do you construct a persona on purpose?**
    - A mix of the two because I am still a paranoid old man who believes in internet privacy!
48. **Have you ever made a good friend thanks to your website?**
    - Lol, no not really. The people I've talked to in the past have moved on to other groups and cliques.
49. **Are you happy with the way HTML and CSS currently work?**
    - Yeah!! I'm always looking for improvements, but it's been great!
50. **What are practices that you think people should avoid?**
    - Uploading artwork in their full resolution. I hate JPG artifacts as much as the next person, but having a few will not ruin the overall quality of your art, I promise.
    - iframes should be avoided to use as navigation since their purpose is primarily for embeds and/or widgets. Javascript can be used to load navigation bars in all pages so you don't have to update it on every page. Better yet, static site generators like Jekyll and Eleventy are great for this.
    - Broken links on navigation bar. I encourage either removing the link altogether or at least leaving a "(WIP)" in the link text with the intent on finishing it soon.
    - Having a page dedicated to reposting graphics without giving credit. [I ranted a little bit about this](/writing/blog/2025-11-05)!
    - Oversharing information about themselves. This isn't to say that people can't make blogs, but there are some things that you can and probably should keep to yourselves, such as what triggers you, etc. While there shouldn't be any stigma towards mental illnesses, people can use that kind of information against you.
51. **What about under-utilised practices, or things you think people should do more?**
    - Practicing internet safety and keeping a more anonymous presence online.
    - Using flex boxes for their sites to make sites more responsive.
    - Adding more contrast to text colors when making sites with pastel colors, or at least add an option to change theme to one with colors that are easier to read.
52. **Do you use a lot of semantic HTML? Or are you guilty of generic structure?**
    - I use semantic HTML where I can, but I need to go back and really make sure I'm using it properly!
53. **Do you consider different browsers?**
    - Even though my site should look good on every browser, the fact that I'm not confident that it does look good means that I should check my site on more browsers!
54. **Speaking of, what's your preferred browser? Convince your readers why they should use it.**
    - I can't convince anyone since everyone has different preferences. I personally use Firefox (though I will be switching to LibreWolf) as my main browser, while I use Ecosia Browser if I need things that Firefox can't do. Plus, Ecosia plants trees for every time you use it!
55. **And what OS are you on?**
    - Windows 11. Not the best, but not the worst thanks to the Windows Debloat that I used a while back.
56. **Do you have a strong opinion on that, or do you just happen to use it?**
    - I just happen to use it. I've thought about using Linux, but its features weren't enough to convince me to make the switch.
57. **Are your websites mobile-friendly?**
    - Yes!
58. **What are you thoughts on autoplay?**
    - I hate it. I turn away from any site that uses it.
59. **What are your thoughts on webrings? Are you in any?**
    - I think they're neat! I do get why people prefer fanlistings and directories over them, but I've seen a lot of creative things that people have managed to do with webring widgets. I'm in a few! :3
60. **Do you have any web shrines?**
    - I do, and I'm hoping to make more! To be honest, almost every web shrine I've seen has had a lot of great content. What I would like to see more of are shrines dedicated to lesser known media. As much as I do love seeing Pokemon-related shrines, I'd definitely love to see other shrines dedicated to other topics! :D
61. **Are your websites "cliche", in your opinion?**
    - It depends on what can be classified as "cliche". To me, I think my website a good representation of who I am, regardless of whether it's "cliche" or not!
62. **What is your ideal website? Are you striving for that, or for something else?**
    - ...the [Digitama Hatchery](https://humulos.com/digimon/). I don't strive to make a website like it, but I love being able to find websites that provide information so that I don't have to go to the Fandom wikis lol
63. **Are you an artist? Do you draw or design your own assets?**
    - [I draw pretty decently](/art)! I draw a few of my own assets, and whichever ones I use throughout the site I hope to replace with my own someday!
64. **What are you favorite resource sites?**
    - General: [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/), [MDN web docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/), [GeeksForGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/web-tech/web-technology/), [CSSTricks](https://css-tricks.com/), [Roadmaps](https://roadmap.sh/)
    - Indie web: [Loveberry](https://loveberry.nekoweb.org/), [Webdevin'](https://webdevin.html-5.me/?i=1)
    - Graphics: [Mouseling Sozai Directory](https://mouseling.net/sozai/), [Kawaii Attic](https://kawaiiattic.arunyi.art/), [Ezgif](https://ezgif.com)
65. **Is there a habit you just can't get away from no matter how hard you try?**
    - Divs within divs within divs within divs...
66. **What's your biggest advice for a new webmaster?**
    - Don't make a site just to get follows. Make it for *you*.
67. **Do you keep all your styling in CSS? Or do you hard-code some?**
    - I try to keep all of my styling in CSS as much as possible!
68. **What do you think of frameset layouts?**
    - It's a deprecated tag, so it should be avoided when possible.
69. **How about table-based layouts?**
    - They were great at one point, but that time has long since passed.
70. **Do you subscribe to the ideas of "one-column", "two-column", and "three-column" layouts? Do you use any of these?**
    - Not really. As long as there's a distinct place for a header, navigation, content block, and footer, then it doesn't matter to me!
71. **Do you spend longer on the HTML or the CSS?**
    - Definitely a lot longer on the CSS than the HTML.
72. **Have you ever made a page with no CSS? It's useful for your thoughts.**
    - I...I don't want to...
73. **Do you ever find yourself making layouts with nothing to put on them? Or do you only make layouts when the need arises?**
    - I only make layouts when the need arises, such as when I want to make a new shrine!
74. **Would you consider yourself a beginner? Or advanced? Somewhere in the middle?**
    - My job description says that I'm a senior developer, but I feel like I'm anything but lol, and I don't know if that's my imposter syndrome talking or not!
75. **Do you have a habit of looking at the source code of websites you visit?**
    - Yes! I love peeking into the source code and see little nuances that only a developer would make with their own hands. It also helps me find things on where I can improve on my own site!
76. **How did YOU learn how to make websites?**
    - W3schools and...my current job, believe it or not. xDD
77. **Do you ever force elements to do things they're not supposed to?**
    - I try not to! I'm a bit of a stickler for the rules, and if something doesn't work out, I try to figure out why!
78. **Thoughts on floating elements?**
    - Pretty neat! I'd like to use a couple on my site someday as long as they don't block important content! Like...maybe I'll only use them for the desktop version of my site. {% emote 'happy' %}
79. **When you're sizing stuff, what do you use first? Do you use px, em, %, or something else?**
    - "px" for images, "rem" for everything else.
80. **Do you have a favourite font?**
    - Verdana!
81. **Would you run a website with another person? How would that work?**
    - I wouldn't really want to lol. Not because of trust issues or anything, but it's not something I'm interested in!
82. **Do you surf the Web to find new personal sites very often?**
    - Yeah! It's fun!
83. **Do you bookmark other people's websites? How would you feel knowing someone else bookmarked yours?**
    - Sure do! I'm trying to organize them a bit more! If someone bookmarked mine, I'd honestly be super flattered. ;\<;
84. **What do you want people to be most impressed with when they see your website?**
    - I'm not too worried about what I want people to be most impressed with. As long as they enjoy my site and find whatever tutorials I have to be helpful, then I'm happy!
85. **Are you interested in technology outside of websites? Do you collect?**
    - There is some technology that I'm interested in, such as making my own server out of a Raspberry Pi, but I'm a little too scared of breaking it and potentially waste money... For now, I collect virtual pets in the form of Tamagotchi and Digital Monsters!
86. **How often and for how long are you online?**
    - For a few hours at a time. Otherwise, I'm working, drawing, or playing games!
87. **When it comes to your website, who is your target audience?**
    - Uh...fellow nerds like me?
88. **Have you ever been interested in XHTML?**
    - I already use it for my RSS Feed, and it's not too bad!
89. **Do you program in general? Have you ever written a program for use with or on your website, not counting simple JavaScript?**
    - I would honestly love to use more back-end programming such as Ruby on Rails, Python, and such, but that would require me to get my own server, which is something I do not need for my static website lol.
90. **Speaking of programs that help you make websites, what do you think of static site generators (SSGs)? Have you ever used one?**
    - Having used Eleventy as an SSG, I'd have to say I love it a lot! It has really lifted a lot of burdens off my shoulders when it comes to developing this site! Contrary to some popular belief, not every page needs to be in Markdown (MD) format. You can still write HTML and JS...at least with Eleventy. I don't know about the others. {% emote 'embarrassed' %}
91. **Do you keep a hitcounter? Why or why not?**
    - I do! It's just been fun seeing how many people (besides myself) have visited my site.
92. **Do you frequent forums? Which ones?**
    - I used to, but both are long gone now! I'd like to join [32bit Cafe](https://discourse.32bit.cafe/) at some point.
93. **Do you write your page content directly into the editor, or do you prepare it elsewhere, like a text document or a Word document?**
    - In the editor haha. I love me some syntax highlighting!!
94. **Do you think you appear cool to others? A more accurate answer now: do other people ever say you're cool?**
    - Doesn't matter to me if I appear cool to others! I just make sure that I'm being respectful to others.
95. **Are you embarrassed of your old work? Have you ever deleted anything out of shame?**
    - Not really! I enjoy looking in the [layout archive](/layout-archive) and seeing how much I've improved over time!
96. **Would you close down your website if you couldn't update it, or would you leave an archive?**
    - I would always leave an archive. The only time the site would be closed is if Neocities itself would go down.
97. **Do you reveal a lot about yourself on your website? Or are you more secretive?**
    - I'm definitely more secretive having grown up in a time where I wasn't allowed to share any information about myself. It took me decades before I revealed my first name, and even then you'd have to look pretty hard in order to find it.
98. **Are you willing to reveal who your best online friend is, and/or if they have a website?**
    - I would...if they had a website!
99. **And do you optimise the images on your website?**
    - Yes! I always make sure to optimize my art as soon as I finish it.
100. **We're out of time! How do you feel about answering 100 questions? ...other than exhausted.**
        - It was great! It really helped me reflect on myself on what I want to do with my website.
