---
title: '100 Questions Wow!'
date: '2025-03-21'
---

A long questionnaire from [burypink](https://burypink.neocities.org/gifts)!

1. **time and date u started this?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - 9:22am on March 21 2025 { .ms-4 }

2. **asl?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - That is none of your business. :) { .ms-4 }

3. **opinions on musicals?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - They're alright! { .ms-4 }

4. **favorite snack?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Calbee's Seaweed and Salt potato chips { .ms-4 }

5. **have u ever been in love?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Absolutely { .ms-4 }

6. **favorite pokemon?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Chi-yu ("Splashy!!!") { .ms-4 }

7. **mario kart main?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - I don't play enough Mario Kart to main a character, but if I did, it'd be Petey Piranha! { .ms-4 }

8. **tf2 main?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Same as above, it would be the Medic. I love playing the support! { .ms-4 }

9. **do you laugh at youtube poops?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - More like wheezing, crying, and hollering, but yes! { .ms-4 }

10. **are you listening to music right now?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Not right now, nope! { .ms-4 }

11. **favorite shape?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - <span class='text-xxl'>🍖</span> { .ms-4 }

12. **do you believe in astrology?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Not really, but it's fun to use it to figure out characters and find fun coincidences. :3 { .ms-4 }

13. **do you believe in the occult?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - I'm too afraid to say no... { .ms-4 }

14. **opinions on vocaloid?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - It's great! I just wish more producers would use other voicebanks other than Miku xD { .ms-4 }

15. **would you ever want to be a rockstar?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Absolutely not! { .ms-4 }

16. **do you easily get stressed?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Yes... { .ms-4 }

17. **what is/was your favorite class in high school?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Math! { .ms-4 }

18. **what pokemon type would you be? dual types are allowed lol** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Psychic/Bug or Psychic/Ground. { .ms-4 }

19. **rei or asuka?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Misato Kisaragi! { .ms-4 }

20. **favorite html tag?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - \<div\> { .ms-4 }

21. **are you religious?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Yes! { .ms-4 }

22. **opinions on nightcore?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Not my thing. { .ms-4 }

23. **did you go through any major phase? (emo, goth, weeaboo, etc)** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Does it count as a weeaboo phase if I'm still a weeaboo? >:) { .ms-4 }

24. **are you good at drawing?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - I'd like to think so! { .ms-4 }

25. **do you crack your joints?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - No, but I crack my back a lot. { .ms-4 }

26. **do you read visual novels?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Nope. { .ms-4 }

27. **can you sew?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Not at all...but I'm trying to get into it! { .ms-4 }

28. **can you cook?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Somewhat! It's just a lot of hard work, and ingredients are expensive! { .ms-4 }

29. **most expensive thing you've bought?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - My husband's PC lol { .ms-4 }

30. **opinions on cosplay?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - It's awesome and fun! It's one of the reasons why I want to get into sewing. { .ms-4 }

31. **what's your most hated band/musician?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - The Beatles. { .ms-4 }

32. **are you a dramatic person?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Only when writing stories! { .ms-4 }

33. **what emoticon do you use most?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - :3 { .ms-4 }

34. **can a miracle certainly occur?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Why not? { .ms-4 }

35. **would you let a vampire suck ur blood?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - No. It's not healthy! { .ms-4 }

36. **do you have a celebrity crush?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - The closest to a celebrity crush I have is Idris Elba, and it's more of a "yes, he is very handsome!" { .ms-4 }

37. **do you like snow?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - I love snow! { .ms-4 }

38. **were you really into greek mythology as a kid?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - I think so! I think I got into it a little after watching Hercules. { .ms-4 }

39. **what are some things you could competently deliver a speech on?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Gilgamesh from the Final Fantasy franchise. That's it! { .ms-4 }

40. **are you good at spelling?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - I was second place in a spelling bee. I think I'm generally ok nowadays! { .ms-4 }

41. **which touhou wud u fuk?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Neither. All of the girls look underage. { .ms-4 }

42. **do you think there's going to be a robot takeover?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - If it happens, it happens! { .ms-4 }

43. **HAS SCIENCE GONE TOO FAR??!?!??!?!** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - It depends! { .ms-4 }

44. **would you be an angel or devil?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - An angel, maybe! { .ms-4 }

45. **sine, cosine, or tangent?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Tangent for me. { .ms-4 }

46. **do you like licorice?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Eugh, nope. { .ms-4 }

47. **whats one thing you cant stand that everyone else loves?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - The word "oomf/oomfie". { .ms-4 }

48. **what books did you like as a kid?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - The Very Hungry Caterpillar. I loved the artwork and just how round the caterpillar was! { .ms-4 }

49. **can you play any instruments?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - I'm trying to get back into playing the piano. Otherwise, I play a mean Hunting Horn. { .ms-4 }

50. **what song would you want to play at your wedding?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Never Gonna Give You Up by Rick Astley. I'm not kidding. { .ms-4 }

51. **do you believe in reincarnation?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - I sure do! { .ms-4 }

52. **finish the sentence: I'm just a guy who \_\_\_\_\_\_** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - ...is just doing his best. { .ms-4 }

53. **have you been to another continent?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Yes! Just one other continent, though. { .ms-4 }

54. **whats your worst habit?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Seeing only the negative in some situations. { .ms-4 }

55. **favorite vegetable?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Beets and edamame! { .ms-4 }

56. **whats something stupid that scared the shit outta you as a kid?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - The abominable snowman from the Videocraft Rudolph movie. { .ms-4 }

57. **whats one of your guilty pleasures?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Collecting Tamagotchi and Tamagotchi-related merchandise. { .ms-4 }

58. **would you rather be a ghost or a vampire?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - A ghost! { .ms-4 }

59. **what do you fear most?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Dying alone. { .ms-4 }

60. **do you sleep with any plushies?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Too many. { .ms-4 }

61. **what hobby do you just not understand?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Ship discourse. { .ms-4 }

62. **do you like the taste of alcohol?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - I abhor it lol. { .ms-4 }

63. **are you a hopeless romantic?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - I'm a romantic, but definitely not hopeless except when keeping the kitchen clean lol. { .ms-4 }

64. **which deadly sin best fits you?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Wrath. { .ms-4 }

65. **which of your physical features do you like the most?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - A smile. { .ms-4 }

66. **are your ears pierced?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Yes! { .ms-4 }

67. **have you ever been in a physical fight?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Once, when I was 6. { .ms-4 }

68. **where do you buy your clothes?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Mostly thrift stores, but if I enjoy buying clothes from artists who own small businesses (like [ohnomah.shop](https://ohnomah.shop) { .ms-4 }

69. **where would you live if you could live anywhere?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Close to work. { .ms-4 }

70. **do believe in magic? or is it all a trick?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - It depends on the situation! { .ms-4 }

71. **have you read umineko when they cry? you should!** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - I've been told to read/watch a lot of things and end up disappointed. No, thank you! { .ms-4 }

72. **what is the worst chore to do?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Doing the laundry. { .ms-4 }

73. **what did your parents almost name you?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Ursula. My dad mostly lived in Austria and thought it was a very pretty name until he watched "The Little Mermaid". He didn't want me to end up being bullied. { .ms-4 }

74. **what would you want your name to be if you were not your current gender?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - I like "Bec". { .ms-4 }

75. **what were your first words?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Don't know! You'd have to ask my parents that lol { .ms-4 }

76. **what do you want your last words to be?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - You'll be ok. I love you. { .ms-4 }

77. **when did you first regularly start going online?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - 2002-2003, I think. { .ms-4 }

78. **what year do you miss the most?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - I'm good. B) { .ms-4 }

79. **are you psychic?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - I wish I was, but that's probably for the best! { .ms-4 }

80. **would you fuck a clone of yourself? you're not allowed to kill yourself.** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - I'm sex-repulsed, so no. { .ms-4 }

81. **what do you use to listen to music?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - YouTube Music and some CDs I already own. { .ms-4 }

82. **whats the biggest city you've been to?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - New York { .ms-4 }

83. **favorite animal?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Octopi and snakes. { .ms-4 }

84. **what web browser do you use?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Firefox { .ms-4 }

85. **are you allergic to kitty cats???????????** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Yeah, sorta. { .ms-4 }

86. **do you like energy drinks?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Not really. I don't like a lot of carbonated drinks, and that's unfortunately how a lot of energy drinks are. { .ms-4 }

87. **would ever spend money on tf2 unusuals/csgo skins/gacha pulls/etc** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Sparingly. { .ms-4 }

88. **when do you usually go to bed?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - 9:30pm to 10:00pm. { .ms-4 }

89. **how often do you wash your hair?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Twice a week. { .ms-4 }

90. **would you download a car?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - If it's any car I'd like, then yes! { .ms-4 }

91. **what was your favorite show as a kid?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Digimon! { .ms-4 }

92. **whats the silliest hat you own?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - A little pink and white striped hat with some Maskutchi pins on it. { .ms-4 }

93. **what album/song do you're feeling angsty** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Not sure...I don't listen to a lot of songs when I'm feeling angsty! { .ms-4 }

94. **do you make OCs?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Sure do! { .ms-4 }

95. **whats the goofiest thing you do when completely alone?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Nothing. I'd probably just sleep. { .ms-4 }

96. **do you like fireworks?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Yeah! { .ms-4 }

97. **favorite painter?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - Leonardo de Vinci { .ms-4 }

98. **favorite numbers?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - 13 and 14. { .ms-4 }

99. **what genre of vidya gaems are you really good at? (fps, fightan, danmaku, racing, whatever)** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  - I'm pretty good at rhythm and action RPG games! { .ms-4 }

100. **time and date you finished this?** { .mt-3 .ms-4 }
  -  3:01pm on March 21, 2025 { .ms-4 }