---
title: 100 Questions for Artists
---
I filled out this questionnaire from [stupied](https://stupied.net/blog/2025-Artist-Questionnaire)! It took a while, but I did it!

1. Introduce yourself! What kind of art do you make?
    - I'm Bechno, and I make very self-indulgent art that includes character designs, meme redraws, and silly comics.
    - {% imgDiv { cls: 'img-question pendulum', alt: 'Beelzemon and Gallantmon recreating a scene from the 1998 commercial for the Digimon Pendulum' } %} {% imgDiv { cls: 'img-question dedede', alt: 'A humanized King Dedede recreating the Friday Night with King Dedede image' } %} {% imgDiv { cls: 'img-question sabo', alt: 'A humanized design for Sabotenshi from the Angel Tamagotchi devices' } %}
1. How long have you been making art?
    - Since 1998. I wish I still had some of my older artwork, but I think the majority of it is still back at my parents' place ~3000 miles away...
1. How many hours do you spend for each piece?
    - I try not to spend more than 5 hours on a piece!
1. Do you prefer taking your time or do you like to quickly move on to the next thing?
    - I usually try to quickly move on to the next project, but my tendency to make things "perfect" usually gets in the way. I'm getting better at it, though!
1. When do you decide a piece is finished?
    - When I don't see any more fixes that need to be made!
1. What part of the creation process do you enjoy the most?
    - Uh...
1. What part of the creation process do you dislike the most?
    - Hm...
1. Do you have a designated workstation or do you just work wherever?
    - I do have a "workstation" which is my personal computer, but I also carry a sketchbook around with me in case I'm not close to my computer.
1. Do you monetize you work or is it purely a hobby?
    - It is purely a hobby! I would take commissions if I had more time since I like to challenge myself in drawing other people's characters, but it's not possible since I'm busy with my job.
1. Where do you share your work? On social media or a personal website? Do you keep to yourself and close friends?
    - I share my artwork on both social media and my personal website, although I also have plenty of artwork that I keep to myself and my spouses.
1. What's an aspect of your art you enjoy?
    - I enjoy being able to look at my silly comics and laugh. It's also nice feeling proud of bringing an idea to life!
1. What are things you would like to improve on?
    - I would like to get better at drawing perspective. I can draw backgrounds just fine, but applying perspective has always been difficult with me. I'd also like to get better at drawing more fun backgrounds instead of just white voids!
1. Are you self-taught or had formal education?
    - I am completely self-taught. I feel like if I were to take an actual art class, the teacher would hate me lol.
1. Do you research about old techniques or stick to newer ones?
    - I try to learn as many techniques as possible, regardless of whether they're new or old!
1. What do you value more, experimentation or mastery?
    - Experimentation! It feels great being able to draw a variety of things.
1. Do you practice drawing from the wrist? What other art techniques do you practice?
    - Uh....I'm not sure how to answer this question since I've always drawn from the wrist, nor do I have other art techniques I practice.
1. How frequently do you do studies?
    - Not frequently enough lol.
1. Do you understand color theory? How'd you learn or do you want to?
    - Kinda sorta? I feel like it's overcomplicated, and I just try to use colors that I like.
1. Favorite color(s)?
    - To use? Red, pink, blue, and purple. In general? Pink, purple, and mint green.
1. Are there colors you avoid? Do you think ugly colors exist?
    - I usually avoid using oranges since those colors are a little more difficult for me to use. Green colors are also colors I struggle with. The ugliest colors to me are the ones that "sad beige moms" use.
1. Can you do perspective?
    - ...Sorta. It's something I want to get better at but am not sure where to start.
1. Do you like doing lineart? How do you go about it?
    - I used to like doing lineart in SAI because of how crisp the lines can look. I've yet to find a brush in CSP that can replicate the same crispness, so my general enjoyment in lineart has tanked a bit lol.
1. Do you have multiple unfinished projects? Will you ever get to finishing them?
    - Unfortunately, I have a lot of unfinished projects. I'd like to finish all at least *most* of them if I plan accordingly!
1. How do you start a new piece? Do you have a plan or just figure it along the way?
    - For simple pieces, I just start right away. However, for more complex pieces, I try to make a plan. Even if I don't stick to it in the end, at least I had some foundation!
1. How do you handle art block?
    - I browse other artists online and study their art.
1. Do you listen to music or watch something while working?
    - I listen to a few YouTube essays in the background when I'm drawing, but if I'm writing text for a comic, I try to do so in silence.
1. When are you most motivated to create? In the morning or evening? Rainy or sunny?
    - Definitely in the evening, regardless of weather. Sometimes, I don't start getting motivated until it's almost midnight...
1. Are your sketchbooks messy or aesthetically pleasing?
    - Since I only sketch in pencil, they're relatively simple. Neither messy nor something pretty enough to post on Instagram.
1. Do you like showing sketchbooks to others?
    - I don't dislike showing my sketchbook to others, if that's anything!
1. Do you have any art friends? IRL or online?
    - I do! Both IRL and online.
1. Do you collaborate frequently with your friends? Is there something you'd like to work on together?
    - My wife is someone I frequently collaborate with when working on comics or anything related to Digimon and monsters in general! My comics wouldn't be half as funny without her input.
1. Have you created art to gift to others? How do feel about parting away from your work?
    - I certainly have, and it's my personal favorite way of showing someone I care about them without having to use words!
1. Have you drawn for someone else? Like commissions or requests? Did you enjoy it?
    - Yes! When I first started out on deviantART, I used to do a few requests for practice. As I got older, I opened commissions to save some money on a rainy day. I did enjoy it and found them to be a great way to expand my horizons, but I'm not the best at delivering them in a timely manner since I have my job.
1. How's your posture?
    - Pretty good! I frequently check to make sure I'm not taking a shrimp posture while working.
1. Have you ever been injured making art?
    - Not that I know of... The worst I would feel would be my hand and arm cramping up, which I would then immediately take a break.
1. What's a medium of art you've wanted to try / currently attempting?
    - I've always wanted to try animating, but I don't think it's for me since there are too many rules to keep track of.
1. Do you prefer stylized or realistic art?
    - I wouldn't be able to decide, honestly. I find merit in both forms of art.
1. Do you like hyper-realistic art?
    - I do! I love when artists manage to make their pieces look like a photograph. I want to study their secrets!
1. Do you like abstract art?
    - It's definitely not for me, but it's fascinating trying to figure out what an artist was thinking when making a certain piece!
1. How do you feel about fine art?
    - I'm not sure what classifies as fine art, nor do I particularly want to know haha.
1. How do you feel about outsider art? Do you think you fall in that category?
    - A lot of it doesn't appeal to me, but it definitely has its merits! I don't think my art in particular falls in that category since I'm not that isolated nor am I spiritual.
1. Do you follow art trends?
    - Nah. I can't keep up with them! There might be a few memes I find funny enough to recreate in my own style, but that's about it!
1. Do you think your art is influenced by what's currently popular?
    - I can't really keep up with what's popular! I just stick to whatever I like and go from there.
1. Do you compare yourself with others? Does it affect you negatively?
    - I definitely used to! However, along the way, I found it more fun to admire an artist's methods and techniques and see what I can learn from them.
1. Your controversial art take?
    - I don't like those "art tutorials" that are just "DON'T DO THIS, DO THIS, INSTEAD!!" They're easy to make and take in but are not helpful in the long run.
1. Art related pet peeves?
    - I have too many to list here, but the one that's on my mind the most is when artists draw merpeople with visible knees in their tails. I get that they're fantasy creatures, but like...that's not how fish tails work... People who cosplay as merpeople get a pass for obvious reasons!
1. Who or what are your inspirations?
    - Just to list a few...[Rina Cat](https://rinacat.bsky.social), [Sushio](https://www.animenewsnetwork.com/encyclopedia/people.php?id=31564), [Tetsuya Nomura](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tetsuya_Nomura), and [SASASI](https://wikimon.net/Sasasi).
1. What's an art piece / artist you wished got more attention?
    - Too many. The amount of attention an artist can get really depends on luck (and connections) they have.
1. Have you touched grass recently? Do you go out frequently or do you spend most of your time indoors?
    - I mostly spend my time indoors lol. I am very much a homebody.
1. Do you create art daily?
    - lol no.
1. Do you take breaks from creating? How frequently?
    - The thing with me is that I always want to create, but I also want to play video games. So, I have to choose carefully whenever I come home from work...and video games usually win.
1. Do you set deadline for your work?
    - I try to finish a piece within a week or else I lose steam.
1. Do you archive your work? Do you keep old pieces?
    - ALWAYS. I have some pieces going as far back as 2003.
1. Are you embarrassed of your old work? Or are you indifferent by it?
    - **Very embarrassed**. However, at the same time, I can't help but look back on my art with fondness, nostalgia, and pride after seeing just how much I've improved.
1. Do you seek out for criticism? How do you handle feedback?
    - I don't seek out criticism unless it's from friends and family since they know how to give advice without completely tearing me down and leaving me in tears afterwards lol. I also don't really make an effort to look for criticism since I'm not making a career out of my art.
1. Are you harsh on your own work? Or do you love your work despite all its flaws?
    - I used to be very harsh, but nowadays, I try to see every flaw as a new opportunity to improve!
1. Do you get compliments frequently? How do feel about them?
    - I get compliments pretty frequently! Not all the time, which is the perfect amount for me. I appreciate that people would take time out of their day to leave kind messages about my art!
1. How do feel about the rise of generative AI? Do you use it for getting ideas or references?
    - I feel like generative AI is great from a technological standpoint, but its execution is just godawful, especially in the hands of corporations. I would have used it for ideas and getting references, but with the amount of damage it's causing to our society and the environment, I can't use it in good faith.
1. How do feel about tracing? What about tracing 3d models to streamline art process?
    - I think tracing can be a great way to learn how to draw as long as the intention *to learn* is there.
1. Drop your art resources!
    - Here's [one that I can think of](https://www.tumblr.com/bechnokid/185265199077/bechno-how-do-you-draw-clothing-folds-so)!
1. Do you prefer making fanart or original content?
    - Why don't you look at my gallery and tell me what you think? XD
1. Do you think original content  more creative than fanart?
    - As an avid fanartist, I firmly believe that both original and fan content can be creative.
1. Do you strive for originality?
    - Many artists, including myself, will say that originality doesn't exist since every concept ever has existed. That being said, I try to make sure my art can stand out, whether it's writing unusual ideas for comics or drawing specific content that's not seen often in whatever fandom I'm in.
1. Do you draw from imagination or heavily rely on references?
    - I mostly draw from my imagination, but if something is proving to be difficult for me to draw, I look up references!
1. Do you think using references is a crutch?
    - It helps to be able to draw from the imagination if the situation calls for it, but otherwise, nope!
1. Do you like to make mood boards or scroll through Pinterest?
    - I enjoy scrolling through Pinterest but mostly only for art references.
1. Does your work have a story behind them, or do you just make things that you think look neat?
    - All of my work has a story behind them. Some are complex and some are as simple as, "I just thought of this while on the toilet and wanted to draw it" lmao.
1. Do you think art should have a purpose?
    - Does all art not already have a purpose? While art can have the potential to change the world, if an artist happens to make a piece that helps them express their feelings, then the art has fulfilled that particular purpose.
1. Favorite aesthetic?
    - I...I love yume kawaii, and I want to learn how to color with more pastel colors and make cute backgrounds.
1. Do you have a muse or a theme you fall back to?
    - Memes I find funny! They make great practice for anatomy, backgrounds, and expressions.
1. If you could eat your art, what would it taste like?
    - Probably like gummy bears. Simple but yummy.
1. If your work suddenly became sentient, would it adore or hate you?
    - I would at least hope it's neutral towards me haha.
1. Based on previous question, can you win in a fist fight against it?
    - Hahaha nope.
1. Is your art style consistent? Do you prefer making a wide variety of art?
    - I enjoy drawing in a variety of styles.
1. Do you revisit old concepts or sketches? Do you touch em up or leave them as is?
    - Sometimes I do if there's an urge that I can't keep quiet!
1. Do you believe in talent or is it all skill?
    - I feel that, to an extent, there can be talent. However, in the end, it's all about skill and perseverance.
1. What's your favorite thing to draw / make? Do you prefer making living things or still life?
    - My favorite thing to draw is whatever I happen to enjoy drawing in the moment! I like drawing living things, but still life is something I'd like to try drawing someday!
1. Do you create your art with a specific audience in mind? Who?
    - Yes. Myself and my spouses lol.
1. How do you feel about people taking inspiration from work? Do you think art style theft is real?
    - Although I no longer believe that art style theft is real, I think there is such thing as taking heavy inspiration from a particular art style, which isn't a bad thing in itself. I know I took a lot of cues from artists I admired when I was younger, but I eventually learned enough to add my own touch, if that makes sense.
    - I would only have an issue with someone taking inspiration from my work if they make little to no effort in branching out and they extensively make NSFW artwork. There is an artist who does just that, and while NSFW art is not bad in itself, it's really uncomfortable seeing porn in an art style that looks exactly like mine...
1. Do you participate in art conventions? Do you sell your work or support everyone else?
    - I would honestly love to participate in art conventions, but I don't really feel like resizing my artwork nor do I feel like working in larger canvases. If anything, I just like to buy stuff from artists' tables!
1. Are your art materials expensive? Do you hoard any tools?
    - I'd say they're decently pricey. I got myself 32 Copic markers that, even with good deals on buying them separately, still ended up over $50 in the end, and I haven't had the chance to use them in a while! xDD So, I guess you can say I've been hoarding those markers lol.
1. Do you organize your supplies and tools systematically?
    - Yes! I may be a digital artist, but I do organize my brushes...although I should delete the ones I don't use, which is a lot.
1. Do you clean up after a project? Or do you just leave everything lying around till you need the space?
    - Being a digital artist means I don't have to clean up a lot, but...I should probably clean up my desk regardless.
1. Do you have a ritual before you start creating? Do you have a drink or some snacks?
    - I start playing some YouTube videos in my watchlist to use as background noise. That's it!
1. How do feel about censorship in art? Where do you draw the line for inappropriate art?
    - I don't think art should ever be censored, regardless of the content in it or how "harmful" it may be. That being said, there's a lot of inappropriate art that I'd rather not see, so I just leave lol.
1. Do you censor your own art? Do you feel like you leave out details for it be socially accepted?
    - Hmm...I know I sometimes cut back on some jokes that I think are a little too offensive to put in art, but it doesn't happen often enough. Otherwise, I like to draw what's in my mind.
1. Do you feel intimidated with starting new projects?
    - I do, which is why I make a to-do list and plan accordingly.
1. Are you scared of your art regressing? Do you think it's even possible to get worse at art?
    - Depends on what one considers to be "worse". Artists' styles and techniques can change over time, but what matters is that they follow their own journey. If other people don't like the new changes, then that's their problem!
1. Do you frequently make compromises for your work? Does your art come out the way you envision them?
    - A lot of times I have to when I don't have the skills to draw a piece the way I want to. This is especially so for when/if I decide to draw backgrounds with perspective.
1. How well do you manage your mistakes? Do you stress about them?
    - I try not to stress too much about them or else I won't enjoy drawing!
1. Do you make lists of things you'd like to make? Do you actual commit to them?
    - I make a list of things to make so I can decide for myself whether or not I want to commit to the items haha.
1. What is your ultimate goal of your work? Like, is to tell a story, connect with others, or just to enjoy the process?
    - My ultimate goal is to leave my mark in the world and hopefully make someone smile when seeing my art.
1. What's something you've recently worked on that you're really proud of?
    - This one for sure!
    - {% imgDiv { cls: 'img-question venustune', alt: 'Venusmon and Neptunemon from Digimon Story Time Stranger sharing a passionate kiss underwater' } %}
1. Do you have any dream projects? Have you started on them?
    - I have many that I don't want to start because that requires a lot of time that I don't current have lol.
1. Would you prefer unlimited money or unlimited time to make your projects?
    - Neither. I'm happy where I am.
1. Why do you create art?
    - It's fun!
1. Are you happy with what you create?
    - Most of the time!
1. Do you think everyone should make art?
    - Only if they want to! I especially believe people who rely so much on AI-generated pictures should pick up a pencil!
1. What's advice you'd give to newer artist?
    - It's ok to use real life as references, and don't be afraid of being bad at first. We all gotta start somewhere.
1. When did you finish this? How'd you feel?
    - It only took me 600 years to finish this! I feel pretty good, so to speak!
