---
title: Mmm...I Like Money
---
## New Changes

I mentioned this before but since August 2025, I started working from home due to a strange turn of events. It was really nice being able to wake up to my own schedule, but I noticed that over time, I kept getting less and less motivated to work. It started being especially noticeable towards the end of January.

I joked with my wife and husband, "lmao wouldn't it be funny if I started an office job again on my birthday?" Sure enough, about a week after my birthday, I found another office job that paid well in the same area where I previously worked. I don't think this will change how often I update my website or upload artwork since I am barely online as is, lol.

The only thing is that I keep passing out as soon as I get home, which is pretty annoying when I want to be doing something else other than sleep! This is no doubt my body trying to readjust to the new schedule and energy output. I'm slowly but surely adjusting better!

I'm also not too fond of having to go through 2-hour long commutes again, but that's ok! That just means I can finish listening to YouTube commentary videos/podcasts I have saved in my queue! I just need to make sure I continue wearing my knee brace, so I don't put too much strain on my driving leg.

I can only hope that in the future, workdays can be shortened to 6 hours instead of 8... {% emote 'worried' %}

## A Contradicting Homebody

Although I loved working from home, I realized it wasn't the ideal work environment that I thought I wanted. As much of an introvert I am, I genuinely missed having human interactions with fellow programmers. Of course, this can be resolved remotely by having Zoom meetings, but to me, I find more value in being able to talk to a coworker face to face.

On top of talking about work, I enjoy listening to the different experiences and preferences that others would have that I otherwise wouldn't know about if I were to just work from home and talk through email.

It's rather ironic that a homebody who never likes socializing actually enjoys talking to people while at work. That is only when I'm at work though. As soon as I get home, I just want to play video games or sleep. {% emote 'sleep' %}
