---
date: '2025-09-14'
updateContent:
  - "New page: [Pocket Bishies](/pocket_bishies)"
  - New art in [Final Fantasy](/art/ff) and [Digimon](/art/digimon) sections
  - Added 4 [adopts](/goodies/adopts) and 1 [link](/links)
  - Other fixes
---
It's finally gotten a little cooler!

You know, I can never decide if I like fall or winter better. I always seem to flip-flop between the two. I just like colder weather in general! Not that I can tolerate the cold, but rather, I like to bundle up and wear lots of layers since I never like to show my skin much.

Here's what's in this update!

- New page: [Pocket Bishies](/pocket_bishies)!
  - I've seen it around, but I never really made a page until now! The collection might stay small since I'm not a huge nerd and the original sites have long stopped working/updating. It is what it is!
  - If you have JavaScript enabled, you can take a few quizzes to nab some bishies of your own! I won't be taking submissions like the original sites did, but I still hope you enjoy them!
- New art in the [Final Fantasy](/art/ff) and [Digimon](/art/digimon) sections!
- Added 4 [adopts](/goodies/adopts)
- Some front-end and back-end fixes, including:
  - Made the guestbook form more accessible
  - Updated the main page to resize itself automatically if certain parts of the navigation are opened. It isn't perfect since I want to avoid using JavaScript in the navigation, but it looks pretty good!
  - Shortened the links for art, changing them from "artwork" to "art"
  - Updated [Webrings](/joined) to use less JavaScript in general. Not sure if I succeeded, but it's something!

That's it for now, see you all next update!
