---
updateContent:
  - New [blog](/writing/blog) entry
  - Added [adopts](/adopts)
  - Added [web cliques](/joined)
  - Added [quiz results](/quiz-results)
  - Updated [curses generator](/curses)
  - Added [links](/links)
  - Slightly updated [about](/about) page
---

Hello, everyone! It's almost the end of November, which for a lot of you, means the beginning of winter holidays! I live in the US, so we have Thanksgiving coming up next week. I'm not sure what my family and I will be doing on that day, but I know that we don't usually have turkey!

It's gotten even colder for us here in the Northern Hemisphere. For those in the Southern Hemisphere, I hope you're all enjoying some warm weather! I wonder what it's like to celebrate Christmas in the Southern Hemisphere...

Here are the changes for this update!

- Completed a [100-question survey for webmasters](/writing/blog/2025-11-20)!
- Added some more [adopts](/goodies/adopts) as well as some that are orphaned.
  - I browsed through a lot of old pixel sites thanks to [Kawaii Attic](https://kawaiiattic.arunyi.art/), and I noticed that there were special adopts that webmasters had that people can sign up or pay to adopt. Since the sites that adopted them went down or the adopts never went up for sale, I took it upon myself to collect some of them and put them up for adoption here!
- Added more [quiz results](/quiz-results).
- Added some [links](/links) as well as removed some that are dead/inactive.
- Added a ton of web cliques on home and in [/joined](/joined). They're so much fun!
- Updated the layout for the [curses generator](/curses). I don't have any new ones, yet, but I'm hoping to add more! {% emote 'wink' %}
- Updated my [/about](/about) page to talk less about my job. I realize I've been saying, "Yeah, I'm a *software developer*" a lot, which I imagine makes me sound pretty pretentious. {% emote 'embarrassed' %}
- Responsiveness changes including:
  - Making the site look better on tablets, such as iPads, Kindles, etc.
- Cosmetic changes including:
  - Adding colors for links that have been visited. This should make it a bit easier for users to tell which links they have already visited. If you're someone like me who cleans up her history every week, this might not be entirely useful to you, but still!
  - Changing the images for my favorite characters in my [/about](/about) page.
- Bug fixes including:
  - Fixing broken links in sitemap
  - Fixed spacing issues in a lot of pages

That's it for now. Stay warm (or stay cool if in the Southern Hemisphere)!
