---
title: Biomechabug's Questionnaire
---

Filling out another questionnaire. This time, it's from [biomechabug](https://biomechabug.neocities.org/other/21chq)!

1. What's your name? How old are you? How would you describe yourself?
    - I'm Bechno. At the time of writing this, I would be in my 30s. I'm someone who likes Digimon, Monster Hunter, and Tamagotchi a lot!
2. What was your upbringing like?
    - Pretty normal, all things considered. My parents were really good at keeping me and my sister out of any family drama that I didn't realize was happening until my mom told me about it 15 years later.
3. What are your hobbies? How do you like to spend your free time?
    - I like spending my time doing a couple of things like playing video games, drawing, or figuring out new things to put on this website.
4. What kind of music do you like?
    - Video game OSTs since they usually provide the kind of variety that I usually enjoy.
5. Favorite movies / TV shows?
    - TRIGUN, Kill la Kill, Doctor Strange (MCU), and a few others!
6. Do you like any video games?
    - Sure do!
7. Favorite literature? This could be a novel, a book series, a comic, etc.
    - 1984. I can't even explain why I like it so much!
8. How has art affected your life?
    - Without talking too much about myself, it's definitely affected me in a positive way!
9. What are your hopes for the future of humanity?
    - Uh...next question.
10. Any hopes or aspirations for your own future?
    - I just want to make sure I have enough to live comfortably for a long, LONG time.
11. If sentient extraterrestrial life were to exist, what would you want to tell them about humanity?
    - Humanity is silly, much like the rest of life on this planet!
12. Do you currently have / have you had any pets or livestock?
    - I have pets!
13. How do you hope people remember you?
    - All I can hope is that when people look at my artwork, they can smile.
14. Do you have any advice for younger people?
    - Never stop being curious and wanting to learn.
15. Are you religious?
    - Yes! Though, you'll never see me talk about it lol.
16. What do you think the meaning of life is?
    - Eating good food with people you love.
17. Do you have any fears?
    - Too many to count!
18. What makes you happy?
    - Too many to count!
19. What kind of food do you like to eat?
    - Hot Vietnamese soups. I really took them for granted when I used to live near Little Saigon.
20. Do you have a favorite animal?
    - Snakes, sharks, octopi, lizards...
21. Do you have a favorite color?
    - Yes! My entire site (in light mode) has my favorite color as its main color.
22. What do you wish you had known earlier?
    - I honestly wish I had learned how to tinker with computers more when I was younger.
