---
title: Biomechabug's Questionnaire
---

Filling out another questionnaire. This time, it's from [biomechabug](https://biomechabug.neocities.org/other/21chq)!

1. What's your name? How old are you? How would you describe yourself?
    - I'm Bechno. At the time of writing this, I would be in my 30s. I'm someone who likes Digimon and Monster Hunter a lot.
2. What was your upbringing like?
    - Pretty normal, all things considered. My parents were really good at keeping me and my sister out of any family drama that I didn't realize was happening until my mom told me about it 15 years later.
3. What are your hobbies? How do you like to spend your free time?
    - I like spending my time doing a couple of things like playing video games, drawing, or figuring out new things to put on this website.
4. What kind of music do you like?
    - Video game OSTs since they usually provide the kind of variety that I usually enjoy.
5. Favorite movies / TV shows?
    - TRIGUN, Kill la Kill, Doctor Strange (MCU), and a few others!
6. Do you like any video games?
    - Sure do!
7. Favorite literature? This could be a novel, a book series, a comic, etc.
    - 1984.
8. How has art affected your life?
9. What are your hopes for the future of humanity?
10. Any hopes or aspirations for your own future?
11. If sentient extraterrestrial life were to exist, what would you want to tell them about humanity?
12. Do you currently have / have you had any pets or livestock?
13. How do you hope people remember you?
14. Do you have any advice for younger people?
15. Are you religious?
16. What do you think the meaning of life is?
17. Do you have any fears?
18. What makes you happy?
19. What kind of food do you like to eat?
20. Do you have a favorite animal?
21. Do you have a favorite color?
22. What do you wish you had known earlier?
