---
title: I'm Not An "Ideal Asian"
date: '2022-07-19'
summary: Talking about my identity as a Southeast Asian American
---

I'd be preaching to the choir by saying that modern media needs to get better with representation. Although there's been substantial progress in giving minorities the representation that they deserve, there's still a lot to be desired, such as representation for Asians in American shows/movies.

You're probably thinking, "Bec! There's a lot of Asian representation!" and you would be correct.

However, can you think of more than 5 shows/movies that has a Asian character who *isn't* Chinese, Japanese, or Korean?

If you had to think about it, then that's exactly the issue I'm talking about.

The funny thing about all this is that I am aware that this is a non-issue for me. I mean, I've been watching American cartoons since I was a toddler, and I have a plethora of favorite characters who aren't Vietnamese like me. I understand that it's just not possible to please everyone when it comes to diversity in modern media and that it's important to be able to enjoy media for its characters even if they're nothing like you. I think it's what they call, "having basic empathy".

Normally, I wouldn't have an issue of not seeing any Viet representation in shows. It's what I've lived with for the past 20+ years, so what's the big deal, right? Well, I can't help but feel more and more uncomfortable and disapointed when I continuously see East Asian characters fulfill the role of the designated "Asian American representation".