---
title: Akuma? More Like Aku-BLEGH
date: '2025-06-04'
summary: "I talk about Monster Hunter Wild's first Capcom collaboration event quest! Spoilers: I didn't like it. At all."
---

In classic Monster Hunter fashion, the developers revealed its newest Capcom collaboration event in Monster Hunter Wilds to be related to Street Fighter.

I'm no Street Fighter fan, but I was exposed to it long enough to become familiar with some of their most famous characters, including a secret character with an interesting conception: Akuma. However, when they announced he was going to be in Wilds despite having *already appeared in Rise*, I was...a little miffed, to say the least.

From a design standpoint, I find him absolutely revolting and abhorrent with his blobby face, dehydrated muscles, and disgustingly visible veins. He is clearly meant to be the ultimate male fantasy in fighting games, which I can completely understand. What I don't understand is why the MH devs couldn't have put in any other character into the event quest, like Ken, Guile, or even M. Bison! I would have LOVED to have layered armor based on M. Bison!

Disappointment in the choice of character aside, what I found even more disappointing and infuriating was the story itself. I get that event quests were supposed to be ridiculous, fun, and non-canon, but I feel like there's a limit to how absurd they can be.

***NOTE:** Spoilers for the main story of Monster Hunter Wilds and the event quest ahead.*

The event quest starts out with rumors going around the Oilwell Basin about someone who has managed to slay monsters with their bare fists, prompting the Hunter and Alma to investigate. Along the way, they see the carcasses of tempered monsters, such as Gypceros and Rathian, left out in the open. I already had a dislike for Akuma since beginning this quest, but this turned into hatred with the assumption that Akuma had killed the monsters for seemingly without any other reason than he just wanted to fight them.

Listen, monsters in Monster Hunter have always been dangerous, but they are essentially just animals trying to survive. I might also be a little biased in saying this, but I always made it a personal goal to never slay Rathian nor Rathalos in any of my playthroughs for reasons, \*coughMonsterHunterStoriescough\*, so seeing that a Rathian was killed *in her nest* was enough to make whatever miniscule respect I had for Akuma dissipate into nothing.

My previous assumption about the monsters being killed for "fun" turned out to be correct when the duo find and confront Akuma, gently asking him to stop poaching the monsters as doing so would effect the area's ecology. What does Akuma do? Beat the shit out the Hunter. Yes, the Hunter, who slayed a failed clone of Fatalis that threatened to destroy all of the Forbidden Lands, got their ass kicked by someone who is more muscle than man. *Unbelievable!* {% emote 'angry' %}

Akuma predictably tells the Hunter how weak they are and how they have no right to tell someone like him to stop killing these monsters. He gives the Hunter a chance to find "true strength", and I am saying those two words with in the most sarcastic tone as humanly possible, and assigns them an arena quest to slay a tempered Ajarakan while wearing only the Akuma armor provided by the quest. The absurdity of it all is taken up to eleven when the Hunter starts talking and acting like Akuma, while still retaining the same voice that player chooses for them. Additionally, their fighting spirit is "so great" that Alma points out how they look "just like Akuma". *Barf.*

I finish the quest as requested. Admittedly, it was very fun getting to punch the monster with my Hunter's bare hands, but nothing will ever beat the soothing melody of the shower of bullets produced by my Heavy Bowgun.

The Hunter and Alma return to Akuma, and he praises the Hunter and says something like how "this farce of master and pupil" is completed. It then becomes obvious that the Hunter *admires Akuma*, calling him "sir" and then wishing him a safe journey, which is not too far off from how I've seen anime characters act around their "*uwu senpai~*" Not only does this bastard basically get away scot-free despite having commited the crime of poaching, which is punishable in the Hunter's Guild by *death* by the way, but he has the absolute *audacity* to say that the Hunter has a killing intent and is being held back all because they're in the Guild!! As if to imply that the Hunter *enjoys killing monsters for fun, but can't because of their job????* Yeah, um. Go jump off a cliff, Akuma.

Out of all event quests I've played, my reactions have ranged from sobbing uncontrollably (e.g. hearing "Live and Learn" in Rise) to "Eh, it was ok, but at least it was fun!"

This quest left me with nothing but bitterness and visceral hatred. I genuinely believe it was a complete waste of game development with frustratingly amateurish writing you'd only find in someone's crossover fanfiction with little regard to Monster Hunter's entire lore.

Monster Hunter never had a strong story, but it never needed to. One thing I always loved about it, especially in recent games, was the focus on communities being able to co-exist with these large and dangerous monsters and maintaining a balance in the ecosystem. This quest just...throws it out the window in an attempt to make an uninteresting character like Akuma look like a badass while making the Hunter look like a soggy Twinkie despite having, you know, hunted monsters double to *50* times their size?

This isn't to say that the Hunter should be the most powerful human on Earth, but I honestly felt that the quest should have given the Hunter a chance to fight Akuma in a quest or defend themselves at the very least. They stood their ground in protecting the ecosystems in the Forbidden Lands by making their *own* order to slay Zoh Shia, so why should Akuma be the sole exception? Just because he's humanoid? He's more of a monster than any of the monsters in the game!

So, yeah.

I'm not playing this quest anymore. Not even for the tickets to craft the ugly Akuma layered armor. Not even the palico armor is cute enough to make it worth being forced to play as Akuma again.

I'll just wait for TU2 to come out and also pray that future updates and features will help me forget the existence of such a mediocre event quest. {% emote 'dead' %}