---
title: '100 Questions Wow!'
date: '2025-03-21'
---

A long questionnaire from [burypink](https://burypink.neocities.org/gifts)!

1. **time and date u started this?**
    - 9:22am on March 21 2025
1. **asl?**
    - That is none of your business. :)
1. **opinions on musicals?**
    - They're alright!
1. **favorite snack?**
    - Calbee's Seaweed and Salt potato chips
1. **have u ever been in love?**
    - Absolutely
1. **favorite pokemon?**
    - Chi-yu ("Splashy!!!")
1. **mario kart main?**
    - I don't play enough Mario Kart to main a character, but if I did, it'd be Petey Piranha!
1. **tf2 main?**
    - Same as above, it would be the Medic. I love playing the support!
1. **do you laugh at youtube poops?**
    - More like wheezing, crying, and hollering, but yes!
1. **are you listening to music right now?**
    - Not right now, nope!
1. **favorite shape?**
    - <span class='text-xxl'>🍖</span>
1. **do you believe in astrology?**
    - Not really, but it's fun to use it to figure out characters and find fun coincidences. :3
1. **do you believe in the occult?**
    - I'm too afraid to say no...
1. **opinions on vocaloid?**
    - It's great! I just wish more producers would use other voicebanks other than Miku xD
1. **would you ever want to be a rockstar?**
    - Absolutely not!
1. **do you easily get stressed?**
    - Yes...
1. **what is/was your favorite class in high school?**
    - Math!
1. **what pokemon type would you be? dual types are allowed lol**
    - Psychic/Bug or Psychic/Ground.
1. **rei or asuka?**
    - Misato Kisaragi!
1. **favorite html tag?**
    - \<div\>
1. **are you religious?**
    - Yes!
1. **opinions on nightcore?**
    - Not my thing.
1. **did you go through any major phase? (emo, goth, weeaboo, etc)**
    - Does it count as a weeaboo phase if I'm still a weeaboo? >:)
1. **are you good at drawing?**
    - I'd like to think so!
1. **do you crack your joints?**
    - No, but I crack my back a lot.
1. **do you read visual novels?**
    - Nope.
1. **can you sew?**
    - Not at all...but I'm trying to get into it!
1. **can you cook?**
    - Somewhat! It's just a lot of hard work, and ingredients are expensive!
1. **most expensive thing you've bought?**
    - My husband's PC lol
1. **opinions on cosplay?**
    - It's awesome and fun! It's one of the reasons why I want to get into sewing.
1. **what's your most hated band/musician?**
    - The Beatles.
1. **are you a dramatic person?**
    - Only when writing stories!
1. **what emoticon do you use most?**
    - :3
1. **can a miracle certainly occur?**
    - Why not?
1. **would you let a vampire suck ur blood?**
    - No. It's not healthy!
1. **do you have a celebrity crush?**
    - The closest to a celebrity crush I have is Idris Elba, and it's more of a "yes, he is very handsome!"
1. **do you like snow?**
    - I love snow!
1. **were you really into greek mythology as a kid?**
    - I think so! I think I got into it a little after watching Hercules.
1. **what are some things you could competently deliver a speech on?**
    - Gilgamesh from the Final Fantasy franchise. That's it!
1. **are you good at spelling?**
    - I was second place in a spelling bee. I think I'm generally ok nowadays!
1. **which touhou wud u fuk?**
    - Neither. All of the girls look underage.
1. **do you think there's going to be a robot takeover?**
    - If it happens, it happens!
1. **HAS SCIENCE GONE TOO FAR??!?!??!?!**
    - It depends!
1. **would you be an angel or devil?**
    - An angel, maybe!
1. **sine, cosine, or tangent?**
    - Tangent for me.
1. **do you like licorice?**
    - Eugh, nope.
1. **whats one thing you cant stand that everyone else loves?**
    - The word "oomf/oomfie".
1. **what books did you like as a kid?**
    - The Very Hungry Caterpillar. I loved the artwork and just how round the caterpillar was!
1. **can you play any instruments?**
    - I'm trying to get back into playing the piano. Otherwise, I play a mean Hunting Horn.
1. **what song would you want to play at your wedding?**
    - Never Gonna Give You Up by Rick Astley. I'm not kidding.
1. **do you believe in reincarnation?**
    - I sure do!
1. **finish the sentence: I'm just a guy who \_\_\_\_\_\_**
    - ...is just doing his best.
1. **have you been to another continent?**
    - Yes! Just one other continent, though.
1. **whats your worst habit?**
    - Seeing only the negative in some situations.
1. **favorite vegetable?**
    - Beets and edamame!
1. **whats something stupid that scared the shit outta you as a kid?**
    - The abominable snowman from the Videocraft Rudolph movie.
1. **whats one of your guilty pleasures?**
    - Collecting Tamagotchi and Tamagotchi-related merchandise.
1. **would you rather be a ghost or a vampire?**
    - A ghost!
1. **what do you fear most?**
    - Dying alone.
1. **do you sleep with any plushies?**
    - Too many.
1. **what hobby do you just not understand?**
    - Ship discourse.
1. **do you like the taste of alcohol?**
    - I abhor it lol.
1. **are you a hopeless romantic?**
    - I'm a romantic, but definitely not hopeless except when keeping the kitchen clean lol.
1. **which deadly sin best fits you?**
    - Wrath.
1. **which of your physical features do you like the most?**
    - A smile.
1. **are your ears pierced?**
    - Yes!
1. **have you ever been in a physical fight?**
    - Once, when I was 6.
1. **where do you buy your clothes?**
    - Mostly thrift stores, but if I enjoy buying clothes from artists who own small businesses (like [ohmonah.shop](https://ohmonah.shop/)
1. **where would you live if you could live anywhere?**
    - Close to work.
1. **do believe in magic? or is it all a trick?**
    - It depends on the situation!
1. **have you read umineko when they cry? you should!**
    - I've been told to read/watch a lot of things and end up disappointed. No, thank you!
1. **what is the worst chore to do?**
    - Doing the laundry.
1. **what did your parents almost name you?**
    - Ursula. My dad mostly lived in Austria and thought it was a very pretty name until he watched "The Little Mermaid". He didn't want me to end up being bullied.
1. **what would you want your name to be if you were not your current gender?**
    - I like "Bec".
1. **what were your first words?**
    - Don't know! You'd have to ask my parents that lol
1. **what do you want your last words to be?**
    - You'll be ok. I love you.
1. **when did you first regularly start going online?**
    - 2002-2003, I think.
1. **what year do you miss the most?**
    - I'm good. B)
1. **are you psychic?**
    - I wish I was, but that's probably for the best!
1. **would you fuck a clone of yourself? you're not allowed to kill yourself.**
    - I'm sex-repulsed, so no.
1. **what do you use to listen to music?**
    - YouTube Music and some CDs I already own.
1. **whats the biggest city you've been to?**
    - New York
1. **favorite animal?**
    - Octopi and snakes.
1. **what web browser do you use?**
    - Firefox
1. **are you allergic to kitty cats???????????**
    - Yeah, sorta.
1. **do you like energy drinks?**
    - Not really. I don't like a lot of carbonated drinks, and that's unfortunately how a lot of energy drinks are.
1. **would ever spend money on tf2 unusuals/csgo skins/gacha pulls/etc**
    - Sparingly.
1. **when do you usually go to bed?**
    - 9:30pm to 10:00pm.
1. **how often do you wash your hair?**
    - Twice a week.
1. **would you download a car?**
    - If it's any car I'd like, then yes!
1. **what was your favorite show as a kid?**
    - Digimon!
1. **whats the silliest hat you own?**
    - A little pink and white striped hat with some Maskutchi pins on it.
1. **what album/song do you're feeling angsty**
    - Not sure...I don't listen to a lot of songs when I'm feeling angsty!
1. **do you make OCs?**
    - Sure do!
1. **whats the goofiest thing you do when completely alone?**
    - Nothing. I'd probably just sleep.
1. **do you like fireworks?**
    - Yeah!
1. **favorite painter?**
    - Leonardo de Vinci
1. **favorite numbers?**
    - 13 and 14.
1. **what genre of vidya gaems are you really good at? (fps, fightan, danmaku, racing, whatever)**
    - I'm pretty good at rhythm and action RPG games!
1. **time and date you finished this?**
    - 3:01pm on March 21, 2025
